1. Lin, X., Huang, G., Lu, C., Wu, Y., and Song, T. (2026). Category-resolved tropical cyclone dynamics and climate modes interactions in CMIP6 HighResMIP: reclassification, projection, and model evaluation. *Climate Dynamics*, 64(4), 152. IF: 4.901.
2. Lin, X., and Huang, G. (2025). Assessing Tropical Cyclone-Driven Aerosol Transport: A High-Resolution WRF-Chem Analysis of Major Hurricane Matthew and Implications for Future Climate Scenarios. *Environmental Science & Technology*, 59(18), 9060-9071. IF: 11.4.
3. Lin, X., Huang, G., and Song, T. (2025). Enhanced Global Tropical Cyclone Identification in ERA5 through Bayesian Inference and Dynamic Tracking (BIDTrack) Algorithm. *Journal of Climate*, 38(15), 3661-3675. IF: 5.148.
4. Lin, X., Huang, G., Zhou, X., and Zhai, Y. (2023). An inexact fractional multi-stage programming method for planning renewable electric power systems. *Renewable and Sustainable Energy Reviews*, 187, 113611. IF: 16.8.
5. Lin, X., Huang, G., Piwowar, J. M., Zhou, X., and Zhai, Y. (2021). Risk of hydrological failure under the compound effects of instant flow and precipitation peaks under climate change: A case study of Mountain Island Dam, North Carolina. *Journal of Cleaner Production*, 284, 125305. IF: 11.072.
6. Lin, X., Huang, G., Wang, G., Yan, D., and Zhou, X. (2021). Risk assessment of dam-breach flood under extreme storm events. *Frontiers in Environmental Science*, 9, 742901. IF: 4.581.
7. Wang, S., Huang, G., and Lin, X. (2025). A stepwise-clustered climatic factors downscaling method for ensemble projections of temperature, precipitation, and wind speed over the Western Pacific Sea area. *Theoretical and Applied Climatology*, 156(7), 368.
